Updated changelog for reCAPTCHA update (#3309)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/references/about-this-release.md

    Hides UI widgets based on tenant-level account management configuration preferences such as self-registration and account recovery. This dynamically changes the UI elements according to the tenant-level configurations. For example, if self-registration is not enabled for the tenant, the self-registration link is hidden on the login page.

-   **reCAPTCHA v3 and invisible reCAPTCHA v2 support**

>     Enhanced user experience compared to the reCAPTCHA "I'm not a robot" Checkbox while improving security against spam and fraudulent activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Improved  security against spam and fraudulent activity with an enhanced reCAPTCHA user experience compared to the conventional "I'm not a robot" checkbox.
```
